'Twas a long time ago
Longer now than it seems
ln a place that perhaps
You've seen in your dreams
For the story
That you are about to be told
Took place in the holiday worlds
Of old
You've probably wondered
Where holidays come from
lf you haven't. l'd say
lt's time you begun!
Boys and girls of every age
Wouldn't you like to see
something strange?
Come with us and you will see
This our town of Halloween
This is Halloween
Pumpkins scream
in the dead of night
This is Halloween.
Everybody make a scene. trick or treat
Till the neighbour's
gonna die of fright
lt's our town
Everybody scream
ln this town of Halloween!
I am the one hiding under your bed.
Teeth ground sharp
and eyes gIowing red!
I am the one
hiding under your stairs.
Fingers Iike snakes. spiders in my hair!
This is Halloween
Halloween. Halloween
Halloween. Halloween!
ln this town we call home
Everyone hail to the pumpkin song!
ln this town
Don't we love it now?
Everybody's waiting
for the next surprise!
Round that corner. man
Hiding in the trash cans
Something's waiting now to pounce
And how you'll scream!
This is Halloween
Red and black and slimy green
Aren't you scared?
Well. that's just fine!
Say it once. say it twice
Take a chance and roll the dice
Ride with the moon
in the dead of night!
Everybody scream. everybody scream.
in our town of Halloween!
l am the clown
with the tear-away face
Here in a flash
And gone without a trace
l am the who
when you call ''Who's there?''
l am the wind
blowing through your hair
l am the shadow
on the moon at night
Filling your dreams
to the brim with fright
This is Halloween
Halloween. Halloween
Halloween. Halloween!
Tender lumplings everywhere
Life's no fun without a good scare!
That's ourjob...
But we're not mean
ln our town of Halloween!
ln this town
Don't we love it now?
Everyone's waiting
for the next surprise!
Skeleton Jack
might catch you in the back
And scream like a banshee
Make you jump out of your skin!
This is Halloween
Everybody scream!
Would you please make way
for a very special guy?
Our man Jack
ls king of the pumpkin patch
Everyone hail
to the Pumpkin King now
This is Halloween
Halloween. Halloween
Halloween. Halloween!
ln this town we call home
Everyone hail to the pumpkin song!
La. la. la. la. la
Halloween. Halloween
La. la. la. la. la. Halloween
Halloween. la. la. la. la! Whoo!
- It's over!
- We did it!
- Wasn't it terrifying?
- What a night!
Great HaIIoween. everybody!
I beIieve it was our most horribIe yet.
Thank you. everyone.
Thanks to you. Jack.
Without your briIIiant Ieadership...
- Not at aII. Mayor.
- You're such a scream. Jack!
You're a witch's fondest dream!
You made waIIs faII. Jack!
WaIIs faII? You made
the very mountains crack. Jack!
The deadIy nightshade
you sIipped me wore off. SaIIy.
Let go!
You're not ready
for so much excitement.
Yes. I am.
- You're coming with me!
- No. I'm not!
Come back here. you fooIish...
Jack. you make wounds ooze
and fIesh crawI!
Thank you. Thank you very much!
HoId it! We haven't
given out the prizes yet!
This award goes to the vampire
for most bIood drained in one evening.
A second and honourabIe mention goes
to the fabuIous Dark Lagoon Leeches.
Nice work. Bone Daddy!
Yeah. I guess so.
Just Iike Iast year.
And the year before that
and the year before that.
There are few who deny
At what l do l am the best
For my talents are renowned
far and wide
When it comes to surprises
in the moonlit night
l excel without ever even trying!
With the slightest little effort
of my ghostlike charms
l have seen grown men
give out a shriek
With a wave of my hand
and a well-placed moan
l have swept the very bravest
off their feet
Yet. year after year
it's the same routine
And l grow so weary
of the sound of screams
And l. Jack. the Pumpkin King
Have grown so tired
of the same old thing
Oh. somewhere deep
inside of these bones
An emptiness began to grow
There's something out there
far from my home
A longing that l've never known
l'm the master of fright
and a demon of light
And l'll scare you
right out of your pants
To a guy in Kentucky
l'm Mr Unlucky
And l'm known
throughout England and France
And since l am dead
l can take off my head
To recite
Shakespearean quotations
No animal nor man
can scream like l can
With the fury of my recitations
But who here
would ever understand
That the Pumpkin King
with the skeleton grin
Would tire of his crown?
lf they only understood
He'd give it all up
lf he only could
Oh. there's an empty place
in my bones
That calls out
for something unknown
The fame and praise
come year after year
Does nothing
for these empty tears...
Jack...
..I know how you feeI.
SaIIy!
You've come back.
- I had to.
- For this!
Yes.
ShaII we. then?
That's twice this month
you've sIipped deadIy nightshade
into my tea and run off.
Three times.
You're mine. you know.
I made you with my own hands!
You can make other creations.
I'm restIess. I can't heIp it.
It's a phase. my dear. It'II pass.
- We need to be patient. that's aII.
- But I don't want to be patient!
No. Zero. not now.
I'm not in the mood.
AII right.
Here you go. boy.
Morning. gents!
Jack? You home?
Jack? I've got the pIans
for next HaIIoween.
I need to go over them with you
so we can get started.
Jack. pIease.
I'm onIy an eIected officiaI here.
I can't make decisions by myseIf.
Jack. answer me!
- He's not home.
- Where is he?
He hasn't been home aII night.
Where are we?
It's somepIace new.
What is this?
What's this? What's this?
There's colour everywhere
What's this?
There's white things in the air
l can't believe my eyes
l must be dreaming
Wake up. Jack. this isn't fair!
What's this?
What's this? What's this?
There's something very wrong
What's this?
There's people singing songs
What's this? The streets are lined
with little creatures laughing
Everybody seems so happy
Have l possibly gone daffy?
What is this? What's this?
Children are throwing snowballs
instead of throwing heads
They're busy building toys
And absolutely no one's dead
There's frost in every window
Oh. l can't believe my eyes
And in my bones l feel the warmth
that's coming from inside
Oh. look. what's this?
They're hanging mistletoe
They kiss?
Why. that looks so unique. inspired!
Together for a story. roasting
chestnuts on a fire! What's this?
What's this? ln here
they've got a little tree
How queer and who would
ever think. and why?
They're covering it with tiny things.
electric lights on strings
And there's a smile on everyone
Correct me if l'm wrong
This looks like fun
Could it be l got my wish?
What's this?
Oh. my. what now?
The children are asleep
But look. there's nothing
underneath. No ghouls
No witches here to scream
and scare them or ensnare them
Only little cosy things
secure inside their dreamland...
What's this?
The monsters are all missing
And the nightmares can't be found
And in their place there seems
to be good feeling all around
lnstead of screams
l swear l can hear music in the air
The smell of cakes and pies
are absolutely everywhere
The sights. the sounds
They're everywhere and all around
l've never felt so good before
The empty place inside of me
is filling up
l simply cannot get enough
l want it. oh. l want it
Oh. l want it for my own
l've got to know. l've got to know.
what is this place l've found?
What is this?
Christmas Town?
- This hasn't happened before.
- It's suspicious.
- It's pecuIiar. It's scary!
- Stand aside. Coming through.
We've got to find Jack. There's onIy
365 days Ieft tiII next HaIIoween!
364.
Is there anywhere
we've forgotten to check?
- I Iooked in every mausoIeum.
- We opened the sarcophagi.
I tromped through the pumpkin patch.
I peeked behind the CycIops's eye.
I did. but he wasn't there.
It's time to sound the aIarms!
Frog's breath
wiII overpower any odour.
Bitter!
Worm's wart.
Where's that worm's wart?
SaIIy! That soup ready yet?
Coming!
Lunch!
What's that?
Worm's wart! Mmm.
And frog's breath.
What's wrong?
I thought you Iiked frog's breath.
Nothing's more suspicious
than frog's breath.
UntiI you taste it.
I won't swaIIow a spoonfuI.
I'm not hungry. Oops!
You want me to starve!
An oId man Iike me.
who hardIy has strength as it is!
Me! To whom you owe your very Iife!
Don't be siIIy.
Mmm! See? Scrumptious.
Did anyone think to dredge the Iake?
This morning.
- Hear that?
- What?
Zero!
Jack's back!
Where have you been?
CaII a town meeting
and I'II teII everyone about it.
- When?
- ImmediateIy!
Town meeting!
Town meeting tonight!
Listen. everyone.
I want to teII you
about Christmas Town.
There were objects so peculiar
They were not to be believed
All around
Things to tantalize my brain
lt's a world
unlike anything l've ever seen
And hard as l tried
l can't seem to describe
Like a most improbable dream
But you must believe
when l tell you this
lt's as real as my skull
And it does exist...
Here. Iet me show you.
This is a thing caIIed a present.
- The whoIe thing starts with a box.
- A box?
- Is it steeI?
- Are there Iocks?
- Is it fiIIed with a pox?
- How deIightfuI!
If you pIease.
Just a box
with bright coloured paper
The whole thing's
topped with a bow...
- A bow?
- But why? How ugIy! What's in it?
That's the point of the thing
Not to know...
- It's a bat! It's a rat!
- WiII it bend? WiII it break?
Is it the head I found in the Iake?
Listen now
You don't understand
That's not the point
of Christmas land.
Now pay attention!
We pick up an oversized sock
And hang it like this
on the wall...
- Does it stiII have a foot?
- Let me see. Let me Iook.
Is it rotted and covered with gook?
Let me expIain.
There's no foot inside but candy
And it's filled with small toys...
- SmaII toys? Do they snap?
- Or expIode in the sack?
Perhaps they spring out
and scare girIs and boys!
This Christmas sounds fun.
I fuIIy endorse it.
Let's try it at once.
Everyone. please
Now not so fast
There's something here
That you don't quite grasp!
WeII. I may as weII give them
what they want.
And the best l must confess
l have saved for the last
For the ruler of this
Christmas land is a fearsome king
With a deep mighty voice. least
that's what l've come to understand
And l've also heard it told
That he's something to behold
Like a lobster. huge and red
When he sets out to slay
with his rain gear on
Carting bulging sacks
with his big great arms
That is so. l've heard it said
And on a dark cold night
Under full moonlight
He flies into a fog
like a vulture in the sky
And they call him Sandy Claws!
Well. at least they're excited
but they don't understand
That special kind of feeling
in Christmas land...
Oh. weII.
There's got to be a IogicaI way
to expIain this Christmas thing.
You've poisoned me for the Iast time.
you wretched girI!
Oh. my head!
The door is open!
- HeIIo?
- Jack SkeIIington!
Up here. my boy!
Doctor. I need to borrow
some equipment.
Is that so? Whatever for?
I'm conducting a series
of experiments.
How perfectIy marveIIous!
Curiosity kiIIed the cat. you know.
I know.
Come into the Iab
and we'II get you aII fixed up.
Experiments?
Zero! I'm home!
Interesting reaction.
but what does it mean?
You can come out now
if you promise to behave.
SaIIy?
SaIIy!
Gone again!
Something's up with Jack
Don't know if we're ever
going to get him back
He's all alone up there
Locked away inside
Never says a word
Hope he hasn't died
Something's up with Jack
Something's up with Jack!
Christmas time is buzzing
in my skull
Will it let me be? l cannot tell
There're so many things
l cannot grasp
When l think l've got it
then at last
Through my bony fingers
it does slip
Like a snowflake in a fiery grip
Something here
l'm not quite getting
Though l try. l keep forgetting
Like a memory long since past
Here in an instant
Gone in a flash
What does it mean?
ln these little bric-a-brac
A secret's waiting to be cracked
These dolls and toys confuse me so
Confound it all. l love it though
Simple objects. nothing more.
But something's hidden through a door
Though l do not have the key
Something's here l cannot see
What does it mean?
l've read these Christmas books
so many times
l know the stories
and l know the rhymes
l know the Christmas carols
all by heart
My skull's so full
lt's tearing me apart!
As often as l've read them
Something's wrong
So hard to put my bony finger on
Or perhaps it's really not as deep
as l've been led to think
Am l trying much too hard? Of course!
l've been too close to see!
The answer's right in front of me!
Right in front of me!
lt's simple. really. very clear
Like music drifting in the air
lnvisible but everywhere
Just because l cannot see it
Doesn't mean l can't believe it
l think this Christmas thing
ls not as tricky as it seems
And why should they have all the fun?
lt should belong to anyone!
Not anyone. in fact. but me!
Why. l could make a Christmas tree
And there's no reason l can find
l couldn't handle Christmas time
l bet l could improve it. too
And that's exactly what l'll do!
Eureka!
This year. Christmas wiII be ours!
Patience. everyone.
Jack has a speciaI job for each of you.
Doctor FinkeIstein!
Your Christmas assignment is ready.
Doctor FinkeIstein.
to the front of the Iine!
What kind of noise is that
for a baby to make?
- Perhaps it can be improved?
- No probIem!
I knew it!
Doctor. thank you for coming.
We need some of these.
Their construction shouId be
exceedingIy simpIe. I think.
How horribIe our Christmas wiII be!
No. How joIIy!
Oh. How joIIy our Christmas wiII be.
What are you doing here?
Jack sent for us.
- SpecificaIIy.
- By name.
Lock. Shock. BarreI.
Jack. Jack!
It's Boogie's boys.
HaIIoween's finest
trick-or-treaters!
The job I have for you
is top secret.
It requires
craft...cunning...mischief.
And we thought
you didn't Iike us. Jack!
AbsoIuteIy no one
is to know about it. Not a souI.
You must go to the forest.
In the forest you wiII see a tree.
And one more thing.
Leave that no account
Oogie Boogie out of this!
Whatever you say. Jack.
- Of course. Jack.
- WouIdn't dream of it. Jack.
Kidnap Mr Sandy Claws?
l wanna do it!
Let's draw straws
Jack said we should work together
Three of a kind. birds of a feather.
now and for ever!
La. la. la. la. la. la
Kidnap the Sandy Claws
Lock him up real tight
Throw away the key
And then turn off all the lights
First we're going to set some bait
inside a nasty trap and wait
When he comes a-sniffing. we will
snap the trap and close the gate
Wait. l've got a better plan
to catch this big red lobster man
Let's pop him in a boiling pot
And when he's done. we'll butter him up
Kidnap the Sandy Claws
Throw him in a box
Bury him for 90 years
Then see if he talks!
Then Mr Oogie Boogie Man...
Can take the whole thing over then
He'll be so pleased. l do declare
That he will cook him rare!
l say that we take a cannon
Aim it at his door and then
Knock three times. when he answers
Sandy Claws will be no more!
You're so stupid. think now
lf we blow him up to smithereens
We may lose some pieces and then
Jack will beat us black and green!
Kidnap the Sandy Claws
Tie him in a bag
Throw him in the ocean
Then see if he is sad
Because Mr Oogie Boogie
ls the meanest guy around
lf l were on his boogie list
l'd get out of town!
He'll be so pleased
by our success...
That he'll reward us. too. l'll bet
Perhaps he'll make his special brew...
..Of snake and spider stew!
We're his little henchmen
And we take ourjob with pride
We do our best to please him
And stay on his good side
l wish my cohorts
weren't so dumb!
- I'm not the dumb one.
- Shut up!
l've got something. listen now
This one is real good. you'll see
We'll send a present to his door
Upon there'll be a note to read
Now in the box we'll wait and hide
Until his curiosity
Entices him to look inside
And then we'll have him one. two. three
Kidnap the Sandy Claws
Beat him with a stick
Lock him up for 90 years
See what makes him tick
Kidnap the Sandy Claws
Chop him into bits
Mr Oogie Boogie
is sure to get his kicks!
Kidnap the Sandy Claws
See what we will see
Lock him in a cage
And then throw away the key!
Sandy CIaws. huh?
It goes something Iike this.
- How about it? Can you manage?
- A-one and a-two and a-three...
- Next!
- Fantastic!
Why don't you aII practise on that
and we'II be in great shape!
SaIIy. I need your heIp
more than anyone's.
You do. Jack.
I had the most terribIe vision.
- That's spIendid!
- No. It was about your Christmas.
- There was smoke and fire!
- That's not my Christmas.
My Christmas is fiIIed
with Iaughter and joy and this!
My Sandy CIaws outfit.
I want you to make it.
Jack. pIease Iisten to me.
It's going to be a disaster!
How? Just foIIow the pattern.
This part's red. The trim is white.
- It's a mistake.
- Now. don't be modest.
Who eIse is cIever enough
to make my outfit?
Next!
I have every confidence in you.
But it seems wrong to me.
Very wrong.
This device is caIIed a nutcracker.
- Jack! We got him!
- Perfect!
Open it up! QuickIy!
That's not Sandy CIaws!
Who is it?
Bunny!
- Not Sandy CIaws. Take him back!
- We foIIowed your instructions.
- We went through the door.
- Which door? There's more than one.
Sandy CIaws is behind the door
shaped Iike this.
I toId you!
I'm very sorry
for the inconvenience. sir.
Take him home first.
And apoIogise again!
Be carefuI with Sandy CIaws
when you fetch him! Treat him niceIy!
- Got it!
- We'II get it right next time!
You wiII be a decided improvement
over that treacherous SaIIy!
Master! The pIans.
ExceIIent. Igor.
This time
Making Christmas
Making Christmas is so fine
lt's ours this time and won't
the children be surprised?
lt's ours this time
Making Christmas
Making Christmas!
Time to give them something fun
They'll talk about
for years to come
Let's have a cheer
from everyone!
It's time to party!
Making Christmas
Sticks and mice
Get wrapped up so nice
With spider legs and pretty bows
lt's ours this time
All together. that and this
With all our tricks
We're making Christmas time!
Here comes Jack!
l don't believe
what's happening to me
My hopes. my dreams.
my fantasies!
Won't they be impressed?
l am a genius!
See how l transformed this old rat
into a most delightful hat!
My compliments from me to you
on this your most intriguing hat
Consider though this substitute
A bat in place of this old rat!
No. no. that's all wrong
This thing will never make a present
lt's been dead much too long. try
something fresher and more pleasant
Don't give up!
All together. that and this
With all our tricks
We're making Christmas time
This time. this time...
Making Christmas
Making Christmas! La. la. la!
lt's almost here
And we can't wait
So ring the bells and celebrate
'Cause when the full moon
starts to climb
We'll all sing out.
''lt's Christmas time!''
KathIeen. Bobby. Susie.
Yes. Susie's been nice. Nice. Nice.
Naughty. Nice. Nice. Nice.
HardIy any naughty chiIdren this year!
Who couId that be?
Trick or treat!
You don't Iook Iike yourseIf. Jack.
Not at aII!
It couIdn't be more wonderfuI!
But you're the Pumpkin King.
Not any more!
I feeI so much better now!
Jack. I know you think
something's missing but...
Sorry.
You're right. Something is missing.
But what? I've got the beard.
the coat...
..the boots. the beIt...
- Jack! This time we bagged him!
- This time we reaIIy did!
- He sure is big. Jack.
- And heavy!
Let me out!
Sandy CIaws. In person.
What a pIeasure to meet you!
Why. you have hands.
You don't have cIaws at aII!
- Where am I?
- Surprised. aren't you?
I knew you wouId be. You don't need
to worry about Christmas this year.
- What?
- Consider this a vacation. Sandy.
A reward.
It's your turn to take it easy!
There must be some mistake.
See that he's comfortabIe.
Just a second. feIIas. Of course!
That's what I'm missing. Thanks.
HoId on! Where are we going now?
Oh. ho. ho! No...
This is worse than I thought.
Much worse!
I know!
Me on vacation?
On Christmas Eve?!
- Where are we taking him?
- To Oogie Boogie of course!
There isn't anywhere
more comfortabIe than that.
- Jack said to make him comfortabIe.
- Yes. he did.
Haven't you heard of peace
on earth and goodwiII towards men?
No!
This wiII stop Jack!
What a joy to think
of aII we'II have in common!
We'II have conversations
worth having!
Don't do this! Naughty chiIdren
never get any presents.
I think he might be too big!
No. he's not.
If he can go down a chimney.
he can fit down here!
Well. well. well
What have we here?
Sandy Claws. huh?
Ooh. l'm really scared!
So you're the one
Everybody's talkin' about
You're jokin'. you're jokin'
l can't believe my eyes!
You're jokin' me. you gotta be
This can't be the right guy!
He's ancient. he's ugly
l don't know which is worse
l might just split a seam now
lf l don't die laughin' first!
When Mr Oogie Boogie says
There's trouble close at hand
You'd better pay attention now
'Cause l'm the Boogie Man
And if you aren't a-shakin'
There's somethin' very wrong
'Cause this may be the last time
You hear the Boogie song. whoo-hoo
Whoo-hoo. whoo-hoo
l'm the Oogie Boogie Man!
Release me now or you must face
the dire consequences
The children are expecting me
So please come to your senses!
Ha. you're jokin'. you're jokin'
l can't believe my ears
Would someone shut this fella up?
l'm drownin' in my tears
lt's funny. l'm laughin'
You really are too much
Now. with your permission
l'm going to do my stuff!
- What are you going to do?
- The best I can!
Whoo-hoo. the sound of rollin' dice to me
is music in the air
'Cause l'm a gamblin' Boogie Man
Although l don't play fair
lt's much more fun. l must confess
When lives are on the line
Not mine. of course. but yours.
old boy. now that'd be just fine
Release me fast or you will
have to answer for this heinous act
Oh. brother. you're something
You put me in a spin!
You aren't comprehending
The position that you're in
lt's hopeless. you're finished
You haven't got a prayer
'Cause l'm Mr Oogie Boogie
And you ain't goin' nowhere!
Think of us as you soar
triumphantIy through the sky.
outshining every star.
your siIhouette a dark bIot on the moon.
You who are our pride.
you who are our gIory!
You who have frightened miIIions
into an earIy grave!
You who have...devastated
the souIs of the...Iiving!
Oh. no. We can't take off in this.
The reindeer can't see an inch
in front of their noses.
This fog's as thick as...
- JeIIied brains.
- Or thicker!
There go aII of my hopes.
my precious pIans. my gIorious dreams.
There goes Christmas.
No. Zero. Down. boy.
My. what a briIIiant nose you have.
The better to Iight my way!
To the head of the team. Zero.
We're off!
Wait. Jack. No!
Ho. ho. ho!
Goodbye. Jack.
My dearest Jack.
Oh. how I hope
my premonition is wrong.
l sense there's something
in the wind
That feels like tragedy's at hand
And though l'd like
to stand by him
Can't shake this feeling
that l have
The worst
is just around the bend
And does he notice
my feelings for him?
And will he see
how much he means to me?
l think it's not to be
What will become
of my dear friend?
Where will his actions
lead us then?
Although l'd like
to join the crowd
ln their enthusiastic cloud
Try as l may. it doesn't last
And will we ever end up together?
No. l think not
lt's never to become
For l am not the one!
Santa!
Santa?
Merry Christmas!
And what is your name?
That's aII right. I have
a speciaI present for you anyway.
There you go. sonny.
Ho. ho. ho!
What did Santa bring you. honey?
Merry Christmas!
HeIIo. PoIice.
Attacked by Christmas toys? That's
the second toy compIaint we've had.
Come on.
Wait.
Mom! Dad! HeIp!
You're weIcome. one and aII!
Where'd you spot him?
Fast as we can. ma'am.
I know. A skeIeton. Keep caIm.
Turn off the Iights.
Make sure the doors are Iocked.
Reports are pouring in
that an impostor is shamelessly
impersonating Santa Claus.
mocking this joyous holiday.
Military units are mobilizing
to stop the perpetrator
of this heinous crime.
Jack. Someone has to heIp Jack!
Where did they take
that Sandy CIaws?
Look. Zero. SearchIights.
They're ceIebrating!
They're thanking us
for doing such a good job!
Whoa! CarefuI down there.
You aImost hit us!
It's OK. Zero.
Head higher.
Are you a gambIin' man. Sandy?
Let's pIay!
My. my!
What have we here?
I'II get you out of here.
Ah. IoveIy! TickIe. tickIe. tickIe.
What?! You try
to make a dupe out of me?!
Who's next on my Iist?
LittIe Harry and Jordan.
Won't they be surprised?
They're trying to hit us!
Zero!
Merry Christmas to aII...
And to aII a good night!
I knew this Christmas thing
was a bad idea.
I feIt it in my gut.
TerribIe news. foIks.
The worst tragedy of our times!
Jack has been bIown to smithereens!
TerribIe. terribIe news!
Attention. Attention. citizens.
Terrible news.
There's still
no sign of Santa Claus.
Although the impostor
has been shot down.
it looks like Christmas will have
to be cancelled this year.
l repeat. the impostor
has been shot down.
but there's no sign
of the real Santa.
What have l done?
How could l be so blind?
All is lost. where was l?
Spoiled all. spoiled all
Everything's gone all wrong
What have l done?
Find a deep cave to hide in
ln a million years they'll find me
Only dust and a plaque that reads
''Here lies poor old Jack''!
But l never intended
all this madness. never
And nobody really understood
Well. how could they?
That all l ever wanted
was to bring them something great
Why does nothing
ever turn out like it should?
Well. what the heck?
l went and did my best
And. by God.
l really tasted something swell!
And for a moment
Why. l even touched the sky
And at least l left some stories
they can tell. l did!
And for the first time
since l don't remember when
l felt just like my old bony self again
And l. Jack. the Pumpkin King...
That's right. l AM the Pumpkin King!
And l just can't wait
until next Halloween
'Cause l've got some new ideas
That will really make them scream
And. by God.
l'm really going to give it all my might!
Uh-oh. l hope there's still time
To set things right!
Sandy CIaws!
Wait tiII Jack hears about this.
By the time he's through with you.
you'II be Iucky...
The King of Halloween
has been blown to smithereens!
Skeleton Jack is now a pile of dust!
Come on. Zero.
Christmas isn't over yet.
What's that you were sayin'
about Iuck. rag doII?
Help! Help!
Seven!
It's Oogie's turn to boogie now.
One. two. three. four.
five. six. seven!
This can't be happening!
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust.
Oh. I'm feeIing weak with hunger!
One more roll of the dice
oughta do it!
What? Snake eyes?!
EIeven!
Looks Iike I won the jackpot!
Bye-bye. doII face and sandman!
What the...?
HeIIo. Oogie.
Jack! But they said you were dead.
You must be doubIe dead!
WeII. come on. bone man!
Fire!
Jack. Iook out!
So Iong. Jack!
How dare you treat my friends
so shamefuIIy!
Now Iook what you've done!
My bugs!
My bugs! My bugs!
Forgive me. Mr CIaws.
I've made a terribIe mess of your hoIiday.
Bumpy sIeigh ride. Jack?
The next time you get the urge
to take over a hoIiday. Iisten to her.
She's the onIy one who makes
any sense in this insane asyIum!
- SkeIetons and boogie men!
- I hope there's time.
To fix Christmas?
Of course there is. I'm Santa CIaus!
He'II fix things. Jack.
He knows what to do.
How did you get down here. SaIIy?
I was trying to... I wanted to...
To heIp me?
- I couIdn't Iet you just...
- SaIIy...
I never reaIised that you...
- Jack! Jack!
- Here he is! AIive!
- Just Iike we said!
- Grab a-hoId. my boy!
Good news. folks. Santa Claus.
the one and only. has been spotted.
Old Saint Nick appears to be
travelling at supersonic speed.
He's setting things right. bringing
joy and cheer wherever he goes.
Kris Kringle has delivered Christmas
to children all over the world.
- Jack!
- Jack's back!
- Jack?
- Jack's OK!
He's aII right!
Jack's OK
And he's back OK. he's all right
Let's shout. make a fuss
Scream it out. whee!
Jack is back now. everyone sing
ln the town of Halloween!
It's great to be home!
Happy HaIIoween!
Merry Christmas!
What's this? What's this?
l haven't got a clue
What's this?
Why. it's completely new
Must be a Christmas thing!
What's this?
lt's really very strange!
This is Halloween. Halloween
What's this. what's this?
CarefuI. my precious jeweI.
My dearest friend.
lf you don't mind
l'd like to join you by your side
Where we can gaze into the stars
And sit together
Now and for ever
For it is plain as anyone can see
We're simply meant to be!